# Minaimal Player
UX/UI React Native App

This player is a component of React Native for
playing audio files. All in all, this player is
not only a powerful tool for playing audio files,
but also a real work of art that attracts
attention and creates a pleasant atmosphere for
enjoying music.

This player is a real work of art!

1. It has a beautiful and elegant design that
attracts the eye and creates a pleasant
atmosphere.

2. It has all the features you need for complete
control over your audio playback.

3. The player's interface includes stylish
control buttons such as play, rewind, pause and
repeat.

4. They are placed in such a way to ensure ease
of use and easy navigation.

5. The player utilises AudioContext, which
allows you to access information about the
current audio file and playback control
functions.

6. This provides flexibility and power in audio
file management.

7. A special feature of this player is the
ability to move around the track using a slider.

8. This allows you to precisely select the
playback position and enjoy your music at the
right moment.

9. Information about the current track is
displayed with clarity and style.

10. You can see the file name and audio format
so you can always be aware of what is playing.

11. All the control buttons are made using
different icons from the expo-vector-icons
package, which gives them a unique and
attractive look.

12. The player also features beautiful
animations that create effects when you press
the play buttons.

13. This adds dynamism and interactivity to the
use of the player.

14. The gradient background created with the
LinearGradient component gives the player an
additional aesthetic appeal.

15. It combines different shades to create an
attractive visual effect.


![Screenshot_20231206_104203_Expo Go](https://github.com/Moonamee/Minaimal-Player/assets/116831065/4772ee6d-b512-43ad-8ddc-6a13f412d04e)

![Screenshot_20231206_104059_Expo Go](https://github.com/Moonamee/Minaimal-Player/assets/116831065/39e36551-4399-465b-862b-49b60e08b36d)

![Screenshot_20231206_104142_Expo Go](https://github.com/Moonamee/Minaimal-Player/assets/116831065/576828ed-b39c-42e5-8b70-4e9fca710d04)




